README.md, before:

# History #
Every time i get away from my computer , due to privacy concern
i had to log out whatsapp from computer and again login when i reuse
this was really annoying ,
<br>
so i decided to make this little app
<br>

# Introduction #
<b>Locked Whatsapp</b>is simply wrapper around https://web.whatsapp.com
but supports password protection.
To access your web whatsapp account you will have to setup password.

 ##### Usage #####
For the first time you open this app this will ask you 
password to lock the app and after that it will be unlocked only
using that password.

<br>
Incase you forget The password You can click on Reset 
it will automatically log you out from whatsapp
and again ask you a new password

# Download #
I have already received good response from community
the binary download links are available here
https://sourceforge.net/projects/locked-whatsapp/

# Contribution #
Thanks for thinking about contribution.

In fact because of people like you open source community is live. 

I am using electron js to make this wrapper and until now i have made 
binaries only for windows as you know we can make 
cross platform apps with electron.
so if you want to contribute you can make binaries of other platforms or
any other bug fix or improvement will be highly appreciated 

#### License ####
The <b>Locked Whatsapp</b> is open-sourced software licensed under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">MIT license</a>.

# Issue #

For any issue,bug,feedback you can open a ticket here on gihub or can send me an email

@daudmalik06@gmail.com

Thanks

# Author #
Dawood Ikhlaq & Open Source Community

Commit message:

* Added local setup instructions to readme.md * Added link to electron to readme.md

README.md, after:

# History #
Every time i get away from my computer , due to privacy concern
i had to log out whatsapp from computer and again login when i reuse
this was really annoying ,
<br>
so i decided to make this little app
<br>

# Introduction #
<b>Locked Whatsapp</b>is simply wrapper around https://web.whatsapp.com
but supports password protection.
To access your web whatsapp account you will have to setup password.

 ##### Usage #####
For the first time you open this app this will ask you 
password to lock the app and after that it will be unlocked only
using that password.

<br>
Incase you forget The password You can click on Reset 
it will automatically log you out from whatsapp
and again ask you a new password

# Download #
I have already received good response from community
the binary download links are available here
https://sourceforge.net/projects/locked-whatsapp/

# Local Setup #
* Clone the repo (or create a fork and clone the forked repo)
```
git clone https://github.com/daudmalik06/Locked-WhatsApp.git
```
* Install NPM dependencies:
```
npm install
```
* Start the app
```
npm start
```

# Contribution #
Thanks for thinking about contribution.

In fact because of people like you open source community is live. 

I am using [electron](https://electron.atom.io/) js to make this wrapper and until now i have made 
binaries only for windows as you know we can make 
cross platform apps with electron.
so if you want to contribute you can make binaries of other platforms or
any other bug fix or improvement will be highly appreciated 

#### License ####
The <b>Locked Whatsapp</b> is open-sourced software licensed under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">MIT license</a>.

# Issue #

For any issue,bug,feedback you can open a ticket here on gihub or can send me an email

@daudmalik06@gmail.com

Thanks

# Author #
Dawood Ikhlaq & Open Source Community
